s2925329_Assignment2_Documentation
See word file for better format
3813ICT_Software_Framework
GitHub – https://github.com/MarveLouis/3813ICT_assignment1/tree/Assignment2-init
Installation/Running –
1.	Pull project from GitHub
2.	Run npm install in angular-app and server folder to update/install npm
3.	Run ng serve in angular-app folder
4.	Run node server.js in server folder

Git Layout –
The project contains 2 folders, angular-app and server. 
Angular-app folder contains the main angular project and all client-side files.
Server folder contains the back end and the files necessary to host the node.js server.

App –
The angular-app folder holds all components file of the application. It uses and follows the standard Angular framework structure. The components are located in 	       ‘/angular-app/src/app’. It includes the generated components and express components that handles routing, and css elements(bootstrap).

Server –
The server folder houses the files to run a node.js server. The main file used to run the server is server.js. Other .js files are placed separately from the server.js file to handle their respective operations. 

Version Control –
There are frequent commits and updates after meaningful changes are made to the project. Each commit has a comment attached to describe progress and changes.

Data Structure –
There are 2 entities, the users and the groups, the structures are as the following:
Users:
Name	Type
Id		Unique string (generated by mongodb)
name	string
pwd 	String(password)
role	string

Groups:
Name	type
Id	Unique string (generated by mongodb)
groupname	String
admin	string

REST API –
Route	Parameters	Method	Return Values	Purpose
/api/users		Get	userData:object
boolean 	Get all user data
/api/user	userData:object	Post	userData:object
boolean	Create new user
/api/user/:id	userData:object	Put	userData:object
boolean	Update user data
/api/user/:id	Id:string	Delete	userData:object
boolean	Delete user from DB
/api/groups		Get	groupData:object
boolean	Get all group data
/api/group	groupData:object	Post	groupData:object
boolean	Create new group
/api/group:id	groupData:object	Put	groupData:object
boolean	Update group data
/api/group:id	Id:string	Delete	groupData:object
boolean	Delete group from DB

Angular Architecture –
Routes
App.module.ts
path	component
/login	LoginComponent
/chat	ChatComponent
/admin	AdminComponent
/group	GroupComponent

Services –
	Mongo
	socket.io
	express
	
Features –
User authentication
Admin privilege
View all users
Create new users
Delete users
Update users
View all groups
Create new groups
Delete groups
Update groups


